[rocprofiler-systems] - add suffix to libomptarget find_library (#7334)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/source/lib/common/CMakeLists.txt

    ALIAS rocprofiler-systems-common-library

> )
> 
> # Query clang for host target triple for defines.h
> # This is useful when LLVM_ENABLE_PER_TARGET_RUNTIME_DIR=ON and
> # the openmp libraries are installed one level deeper in lib/<host-target-triple>.
> execute_process(
>     COMMAND "${ROCM_PATH}/lib/llvm/bin/amdclang" --print-target-triple
>     OUTPUT_VARIABLE LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE
>     OUTPUT_STRIP_TRAILING_WHITESPACE
>     COMMAND_ERROR_IS_FATAL ANY
> )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Query clang for host target triple for defines.h
# This is useful when LLVM_ENABLE_PER_TARGET_RUNTIME_DIR=ON and
# the openmp libraries are installed one level deeper in lib/<host-target-triple>.
find_program(
    amdclang_EXECUTABLE
    NAMES amdclang
    HINTS ${ROCmVersion_DIR} ${ROCM_PATH}
    ENV ROCM_PATH
    /opt/rocm
    PATHS ${ROCmVersion_DIR} ${ROCM_PATH}
    ENV ROCM_PATH
    /opt/rocm
    PATH_SUFFIXES bin llvm/bin lib/llvm/bin
)
mark_as_advanced(amdclang_EXECUTABLE)

set(LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE "")
if(amdclang_EXECUTABLE)
    execute_process(
        COMMAND "${amdclang_EXECUTABLE}" --print-target-triple
        OUTPUT_VARIABLE LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE
        OUTPUT_STRIP_TRAILING_WHITESPACE
        RESULT_VARIABLE _llvm_host_triple_result
    )
    if(NOT _llvm_host_triple_result EQUAL 0)
        set(LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE "")
        rocprofiler_systems_message(
            FATAL
            "Failed to query LLVM host triple from ${amdclang_EXECUTABLE}; "
            "libomptarget discovery for LLVM_ENABLE_PER_TARGET_RUNTIME_DIR=ON may not work."
        )
    endif()
else()
    rocprofiler_systems_message(
        WARNING
        "Could not find amdclang to determine the LLVM host triple; "
        "libomptarget discovery for LLVM_ENABLE_PER_TARGET_RUNTIME_DIR=ON may not work."
    )
endif()
```

Matches the discovery we do in `examples`. 
If you need it to fail, modify it as needed.

Author: In my opinion, failing in cmake when we cannot determine the triple is clearer than waiting on the tests to complain at load time about not finding a library. However, this is not a hard requirement for me.

    ALIAS rocprofiler-systems-common-library
)

# Query clang for host target triple for defines.h
# This is useful when LLVM_ENABLE_PER_TARGET_RUNTIME_DIR=ON and
# the openmp libraries are installed one level deeper in lib/<host-target-triple>.
find_program(
    amdclang_EXECUTABLE
    NAMES amdclang
    HINTS ${ROCmVersion_DIR} ${ROCM_PATH}
    ENV ROCM_PATH
    /opt/rocm
    PATH_SUFFIXES bin llvm/bin lib/llvm/bin
)
mark_as_advanced(amdclang_EXECUTABLE)
set(LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE "")
if(amdclang_EXECUTABLE)
    execute_process(
        COMMAND "${amdclang_EXECUTABLE}" --print-target-triple
        OUTPUT_VARIABLE LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE
        OUTPUT_STRIP_TRAILING_WHITESPACE
        RESULT_VARIABLE _llvm_host_triple_result
    )
    if(NOT _llvm_host_triple_result EQUAL 0)
        set(LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE "")
        rocprofiler_systems_message(
            FATAL_ERROR

>             "'${amdclang_EXECUTABLE} --print-target-triple' failed (exit code ${_llvm_host_triple_rc})"

Reviewer 2: this should be `_llvm_host_triple_result` and not `_llvm_host_triple_rc`.

Author: Fixed.

    ALIAS rocprofiler-systems-common-library
)

# Query clang for host target triple for defines.h
# This is useful when LLVM_ENABLE_PER_TARGET_RUNTIME_DIR=ON and
# the openmp libraries are installed one level deeper in lib/<host-target-triple>.
find_program(
    amdclang_EXECUTABLE
    NAMES amdclang
    HINTS ${ROCmVersion_DIR} ${ROCM_PATH}
    ENV ROCM_PATH
    /opt/rocm
    PATHS ${ROCmVersion_DIR} ${ROCM_PATH}
    ENV ROCM_PATH

>     /opt/rocm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    PATH_SUFFIXES bin llvm/bin lib/llvm/bin
)
mark_as_advanced(amdclang_EXECUTABLE)
set(LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE "")
if(amdclang_EXECUTABLE)
    execute_process(
        COMMAND "${amdclang_EXECUTABLE}" --print-target-triple
        OUTPUT_VARIABLE LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE
        OUTPUT_STRIP_TRAILING_WHITESPACE
        RESULT_VARIABLE _llvm_host_triple_result
    )
    if(NOT _llvm_host_triple_result EQUAL 0)

>         set(LLVM_HOST_TRIPLE "")
>         rocprofiler_systems_message(
>             FATAL
>             "Failed to query LLVM host triple from ${amdclang_EXECUTABLE}; "
>             "libomptarget discovery for LLVM_ENABLE_PER_TARGET_RUNTIME_DIR=ON may not work."
>         )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        rocprofiler_systems_message(
            FATAL_ERROR
            "'${amdclang_EXECUTABLE} --print-target-triple' failed (exit code ${_llvm_host_triple_result})"
            " This toolchain may be broken."
        )
```

My fault, `rocprofiler_systems_message` needs `FATAL_ERROR`, not `FATAL`, else it will silently skip even if it fails.
I'll also mirror the comment from `examples/openmp/target`.
